so I can't click on that I don't know
it's probably it's probably way more
than I
am okay so they link the
UI I don't understand what any of that
means what is ml elephant
okay
so yeah so we're playing around with uh
text to CAD I should have a bunch of
examples but whatever we'll just
try a bunch of their
examples and then what I want to
do is generate the same examples just
using an off-the-shelf model so um they
have this
repo not this
not this not
this
um I don't know what the hell this
is okay so this is the repo that we want
to
clone so uh
what is it written I think it's written
in
Rust yeah typ script in Rust bro these
guys know what's
up
okay okay
so
um I know I've done this before but I
forgot this we're just going to write a
simple command line tool
that it's just going to take all of
these okay so we're going to take
um so wait but this is not high level oh
wait no but there are high level stuff
in here right it's not all just
function okay wait I I remember I did
this at one point but we need
to um make like a tiny
little
uh
[Music]
um
um okay I just want to get this done I'm
not trying to be like guys I'm doing
something really you know I just want
to okay so all we need to do
is
[Music]
um
okay okay make a rust script uh command
line utility with clap that
um it basically takes a
directory and then it prints its file
name and then uh the tokens with in each
file name so that's one sub command the
second sub command uh it doesn't do
basically an LS but with oh with
tokens yeah we so we'll need to use
the uh like
gp4 tokenizer
um but then the other thing the other
command is going to be it basically
builds a prompt where it says the file
name and then it prints the contents and
it just does that for every file in a
directory and those are the two commands
and that's it
okay
oh wait uh but this is going to be
called
uh okay wait
so why did this fail
what is it actually called
right that check checks out so wait
let's just do this too right
take this out do this
too okay so that was the latest first I
think okay wait can we just run
it uh what it
called um
yeah let's just do
this this is so
what why isn't there a full example
D this is why I need this thing
what where do I use it oh my God this is
bothering
me yeah what fails
oh that's easy simple
F to V
of okay wait let's try it now
okay
nice does it print them
out wait what
what no what the hell no in the
file
wait how do you read a
wait what is this
how to
read oh my God why am I spending so much
time on this nonsense
all
but
what what the hell
what
damn e
I feel like I've built this exact thing
like a thousand times what is going
wrong okay wait
um
um and actually we want it to be a tree
but then we want to ignore but for right
now I this is not what I'm
doing
um for
okay
sometimes it doesn't take your little
suggestions which is kind of annoying
it's still what
wait bro how did it I get that show
wrong okay
oh my God again
nice okay
cool
um what is the other one called build
prompt
but where did you say the name of
it that's so weird but whatever
okay
fantastic yeah but we don't have any of
that okay so now we just want to make
this a binary
so I need to oh I need
to uh and then I need to go Target
release build no wait
wait where's the actual
binary all right did
that oh is it just in
here oh yeah I'm so dumb okay so now we
need to copy this
path we need to go to
um and this is the worst thing ever
but hopefully I have a
okay now if we open up
terminal and we go to CD Source modeling
app LS then we go to um what is it what
is the folder where it's
in those docks oh wait I have it open
actually it's just docs
Casio oh
whoa wait
what oh
wait oh
wow
wait but what is that
oh
no wait they're Bas encoded into
the oh my
God where even is
it okay so that's not going to work
that's terrible
this is all one line
right so we should just be able
to first off we need to
ignore okay so now we need to add some
features because I want to do
this okay
[Music]
so okay wait let me show the
code I'm going to say great now I need
an option for d
promp uh
one- o to specify where to write that
file to
um I ignore F files or
Globs like start up
Json then
three
um a
um for
skipping lines that include a specific
sub
string okay let's hope it works
oh
jeez then again Pap up then
again okay
what is the phrase to
skip base
64 data
image is that right
presumably oh wait hold on let's do
this oh wait sorry I meant lock
law oh that's actually nice though that
it says that I wouldn't have thought of
that okay so let's um so we built it
let's run it
again- s data
image
dasi star dot oh wait no dash ignore yes
star.
Json let's
see okay
Das uh prompt
dot
MD okay oh that was just a print that
doesn't actually go into it
okay so now where is our prompt
file how long is
it 60,000 lines
long it's a bit long can we do the
um um
I don't know why it does it twice that's
kind of weird oh two oh geez look at all
the
duplication
abs abs has that many
tokens oh wait that's just
because oh
right that's just because of
that also add
ignore output and
Skip to
um we'll need to
um sad thing is I barely gotten to
actually play around with it yet but
whatever is this all of it no it's still
going so let's delete
prompt let's
um change the code and then fix the
nonsensical things
okay
okay seems pretty
good so uh now we can just do this
again it must not
be wait oh wait I just didn't do
freaking skip I'm so dumb
um wait
yeah see that's a lot more reasonable so
now um
pretty table
nice Walker
okay right let's do anet
kit okay now we need to uh Walker pretty
table RS and sad
RS okay
let's see if just doing
that it'll
build he
okay let's also update the code now
and
algebra oh yeah I guess
so here we
go what
okay wait so first we're going to just
yeah we're just going to freaking
I'm g go get another
Cy
e e
okay
wait silly silly
goose oh
[__] okay wait is that it no wait it's
still going to guess something for this
thing it just does not get it man
it's so
annoying wait
what this is way worse
the hell is going on
here
yeah oh no that's so
annoying um
what what
dude what the hell oh wait no I'm
dumb wait what just ignore
Target wait let's do something with a
that's so stupid why did it walk dirt I
don't want it to walk the dirt I just
want it
to let's just undo it
man yeah let's just revert it back to
get staff
okay so what do we want to fix we want
we just want to cut this down now
because now we have our prompt wait I
have to
rebuild what's the max tokens that it
can do
cuz then we also want all the
examples okay wait so
um oh did I do it in here
okay well let's just try
it what is all of that digest nonsense
say I just want to say uh what is this
what the hell did you think of
it oh
damn I wish the promp was
shorter what's the max prompt
um
maybe what's the max tokens
Max input
tokens is that
true that was a long time
ago and the API well let's just try it h
actually I don't want to use the
API because
um I don't want to freaking leak my
keys but I think it is uh I mean this
will
certainly yeah I mean that's like 60,000
lines or something
well let's just do all the examples
where are all the
examples
um samples where is this
page it probably lets you
let's
see oh is there actually well let's see
multi access
let's see if
it's KCl
samples okay nice so let's try to build
one from that
okay project.
too okay so
okay so wait I want to do
this change this code so that instead of
just doing the files in the current it
uh
reverses um
um but make sure that
when doing der prompt the full path is
given
okay oh wow see how it didn't it wasn't
it's less confident in itself so it's
listening to me a little bit more
okay nice
okay
so this is going to be Dash I
ignore
Tom oh wait
uh oh yeah
whoa wait what
wait what oh it's oh where are the step
files that's silly
nice that's that's way better than what
I
had oh wait you
can dude that's
sick oh my God that's so
sick it just works that's great okay
wait so that means that we want to do uh
dur
prompt star.
step okay
oh wait let's do a dash
o still 8,000 lines of
code that's insane
oh oh for also we need to uh Delete Pro
[Music]
okay
wait but it's not
ignoring most of this is well a thousand
lines of this are G
okay why don't I just start with what I
have
oh
[Music]
let's just
see then I think I have
Zoo
what what the [__]
what if I just do this
comment this
out oh
interesting oh I need my
mouse
okay for
it doesn't understand the
syntax
for e
okay let me give it a bunch more
examples
what the hell there's all this random
stuff about get in here
man but if we go up oh like 5,000 of
this is G so where does the git
end
okay we probably can't do that we
probably have to do
like
wait 5,000
damn
500 lines of code
damn what dude that's
insane you literally only get like one
example can I look at the rail 8020
example they have the samples in
here the samples
bro let's just
um rail
8020 oh yeah right cool like a Extrusion
that's
sick let's just manually build the
prompt which is sad
but so we get this
okay three
examples
e for
okay
I think this might work this one it
might be able to
do
wait oh come on man
I wish it would
uh argument index two
I think we know how this plays
out it's unfortunate wait let me try the
new model
actually oh
sick can I inspect how do I let me get
my do they have patterns
okay wait what was the prompt that I
gave
it let's go to the text to CAD
interesting
what the
hell so that's
interesting this tables are wet that's
why
okay yeah just from the examples
oh
yeah
um okay wait so let's
um for
there's
no wait why is that
oh so okay so here's a
box I don't know why it's so much code
shell data extrude
group I don't even know
man what is an extrude
group I can't just search the docks
[Music]
there okay
uh let's see if I can do that
here create a shell out
box it's Tony Stark bro
so it didn't shell it so yeah it's
interesting that it it's very very
limited yeah there's this example here
generate a rectangle like this gets it
totally wrong
but all I did was pipe in some examples
to chat GPT and if you
um do
this let's see it worked at one
point I mean isn't that great now how do
I in
ECT whoa this modeling app is not
good that'd be so sick that if you
hovered over a feature it would show you
in code where it is that' be so sick I
don't know how to inspect
anything is there a search pallet there
needs to be a search pallet oh there is
a
shell oh
nice oh that's cool that there's a
closeth I like
that now this is Bonkers I don't get
that at all faes end
what what Constitution end
face I mean I've been thinking about
this when you try to make the bolt it's
like okay yeah you have the modeled
thing but then how do you specify which
face you need to offset anyways it's
like
uh oh okay so you provide like some
Json thing here
okay see that's so
weird oh what the hell
if I okay wait let's just put this I
love this thing this thing is actually
so
good I just hate this modeling app the
modeling app is so
bad um but they can fix
that oh cool it does highlight it that's
so sick
wait so can I just
put oh wait I got this needs to be a
dollar
sign okay so yeah so you I guess you can
just put a tag on anything okay how do I
do a rectangular pattern where's the
Lego example
why doesn't control n work why doesn't
controls dude these guys they need to
they have a control K that's
nice yeah see they're they're all
focused on part starters but what you
need is a conversation
obviously um
what do I want to
do I don't
know
oops okay so we have a Lego
whoa okay I want to see how they do this
thing dude it's too small
wait can I can I get the language server
is there a VSS code extension that would
be
sick uh we want to put this
here dude I would love to make a PR to
this and have one of my models in in
this
thing um okay whatever
can
we how do we get the
language oh no
way dude that's so freaking
awesome dude it's always just this woman
she just goes so
hard dude that's so hype
um but what I want to know
is okay wait let's this is not going to
work we have to do it in here because
otherwise you don't get the
highlighting wish I could drag this out
oh you
can okay this is so
cool so wait tube face Peg face I don't
really understand what that is
pattern linear 2D oh you just pipe
pattern linear 2DS together yeah so they
don't have
a they don't have a but that's like
actually kind of
cool what happens if I just delete this
one that's
sweet dude that's so
cool how do I fill it I want to fill it
these all now create the pegs
extrude then we want to do pipe to a
fillet uh
0.1 tags or Edge
function can we go to the
examples fill
it okay wait hold
on extrude to a fillet has tags get next
adjacent
Edge where is this even oh oh yeah oh
they put tags on all
this can I put a tag
here and then oh yeah okay so
uh oh I keep doing that
it didn't fill it it right why
not wait but I thought I'm
not tags get next adjacent
Edge I'm going to fill it this thing for
sure
e
okay so how are we going to do this
thing um
um let me look at the examples are there
multiple
um wait hold on let's just uh comment
this out right
com this out
too okay
so you can't tag that but you can tag
this
right the unfortunate thing is you don't
get as many
like where was
I see this example is great because we
get this hovering feature but here I
feel like I don't get any of the
hovers why don't why why doesn't the
hover work
wait how did I get that that thing is so
useful if I click on a line oh but
that's in a sketch maybe that
doesn't okay wait in a sketch let me go
to a sketch
oh yeah see in sketches it's clear to
highlight but when you are
doing let's see shell extrude
I wish I could fly to a specific CU why
is it that on
the here you get a
line here I can't find
anything even if I delete the tag right
you kind of
want to see
it see how long has this been going for
an hour maybe this is a good amount of
time then I can just go do something fun
so
I am selecting a face what the hell are
you talking
about dude what are
why doesn't it work please select one
face okay wait let let me try to do this
I'm going to just do a new
one and we're just going to
say whatever start sketch on
here okay does n give me a normal no
okay so let's do R give me a rectangle
but it doesn't snap me that's fine I
don't really care
okay that's a terrible use of tab in
that instance but that's fine so now we
want to oh [__] now we want to extrude
this okay so yeah all right so generated
the code that's sweet that is so
freaking cool and it gives
T angled line
okay if I click on this and extrude this
confirm
extrude nice so that worked so I don't
know why
dude and it and it puts me like in no
man's land oh my
goodness they need to scale up they need
to make this so good though I don't know
how they're going to make money but like
this thing has so much
potential all right but I really want to
fill it these
things and you can add an assertion
that's pretty sweet
actually this is very cool like the
whole concept I just
love oops
okay wait let me look at the fillet
examples
again this digest thing is
weird this is fill it
right can I can I just read
this says something about I mean it it's
a it's not very good dock
string cuz like obviously if you're here
you probably know what a fill it is I
mean it's good to have that but it's
more like okay tell me
wait what if I just get rid of
that okay wait okay so fill it data
oh oh hold on was I just doing it
wrong
oh
[Music]
no Edge one
so it's got to
be now we only need to do this I think
oh
wait wait Edge does not have a
what does not have a
surface circle is not a surface
wait can't I just put this
found
object okay I don't really get
what is it doing some like weird type
promotion inference thing like like I
don't get what the
hell and there's no links to this like
you know what like I'm kind of rust
inclined and I would click on this why
not send me to the code
here
um okay I don't know how to fill let's
try to fill it something else
wait these aren't the examples
bracket okay let's just do a fill it on
the inner
circle
okay oh my God this this Zoom is going
to drive me insane I don't know how
anyone deals with that it's cuz it
doesn't have a zoom where it's based the
position of the cursor you need a zoom
that's based on the position of the
cursor not the center of
the whatever so now I want to click on
this thing and I want to fill it
it see this thing just
doesn't
wait yeah I don't even know what that
did
dude what is going on okay let's try
again oh [__] that's not what I wanted
to
do wait what face did I
select wait why do you fill it a face
don't you want to fill it an
edge
oh champ what there's no
champer what there's no
champer select one or more point or face
or Edge
does it have a hold no you need to be
able to hold down so that you can select
what you're actually getting it I don't
know why you can't select those I don't
know what you can
select doesn't seem like anything
works these are just parameters you
still need the selection okay let's find
a new oh wait it worked wait but I don't
want that one I want something
else okay now it's working that's so
weird Okay I want
this and this doesn't
work so it doesn't seem like anything
that you would actually want to fill it
works I
guess what the hell is going on oh my
God what is going on this thing is so
buggy okay [__] it
oh it's still bugged I got to restart
this
thing
okay break
caliper is this wait ball what the
hell is it me
where is it this freaking
website oh my
God whatever we have the examples
here oh never mind my computer's just
totally
[__] oh there we
go no
yes this thing is like completely taken
over my freaking computer
okay I think I'm going to just give up
using this thing it's driving me
crazy all right I'm going to go try to
set up OBS
teleport but uh that was fun that was a
good
time oh great I actually can't
even
wait for